

python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-1l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-2l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-2l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-3l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-3l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-3l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-4l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-4l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-4l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 3 --model_name solu-4l
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-1l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-2l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-2l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-4l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-4l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-4l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 3 --model_name solu-4l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 3 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 4 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 5 --model_name solu-6l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 3 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 4 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 5 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 6 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 7 --model_name solu-8l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 0 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 1 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 2 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 3 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 4 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 5 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 6 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 7 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 8 --model_name solu-10l-old
python /workspace/solu_project/solu/microscope/make_leoxscope_page.py --layer 9 --model_name solu-10l-old